feat: deprecate players list and add allPlayersIds to onChange (#325)
rune/rune: docs/docs/how-it-works/player-info.md

You'll often want to show each player’s name and avatar inside your game. Here's how you do it.

> ## (Deprecated) Players Object {#players-object}

Reviewer: Lets move this below and point to alPlayerIds + Rune.getPlayerInfo.

- `displayName: string`
- `avatarUrl: string`
- `playerId: string` (same as key, just provided for simplicity)
  
## Players in Game {#players-in-game}

The list of IDs of players who are active in the game is provided in the `OnChange` callback through the `allPlayerIds` array. This list contains all players who are playing and are still connected to the room.

## Getting Player Info {#getting-player-info}

> The `Rune.getPlayerInfo(id)` function is used to retrieve information about a player. The return player object contains the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Rune.getPlayerInfo(id)` function is used to retrieve visual information about a player. The returned object contains the following values:
```

Reviewer: Lets also put in the same information as in api:

```
Note that you can pass the ID of a player that is no longer in game and get placeholder information.
```
